AKAI MPC LIve II

WHEREVER INSPIRATION STRIKES
Meet MPC Live II, the full MPC experience in its most portable configuration yet. Everything you need to make music, 
anywhere, right at your fingertips.

THE MPC EXPERIENCE
There’s no need to compromise for portability. MPC Live II is the complete MPC experience without missing a step. 
A rechargeable lithium-ion battery means you can work anywhere for hours. Full-size MPC pads give you the ultimate 
in drum performance and the expanded function buttons allow for quick editing on-the-fly so you never miss a beat.

BUILT-IN STUDIO MONITORS
For the first time ever, you now have studio-grade monitors built-in directly to your MPC. No need to waste precious 
time looking for your headphones, untangling cables or powering up external monitors. These full range stereo monitors 
deliver low end thump along with tight top end to make portable beat-making the sonic experience you need to feel your music.

GET CONNECTED
MPC Live II integrates into your creative space with all the ports, jacks and connectivity you need. USB 3.0, 2x2 MIDI, CV/Gate, 
3 stereo outs and more. WiFi and Bluetooth connectivity make for a completely wireless workflow. No matter the device, 
MPC Live II is ready to get connected!

SUPER PERFORMANCE
MPC Live II will super charge your production. With MIDI performance to tap in to as many devices as you need, an intuitive and 
streamlined layout not to mention the MPC workflow features you need; 16 Levels, Note Repeat, Auto Sample, Chords & Notes More 
and so much more. Get ready to level up to the MPC Live II.

MPC2 DESKTOP SOFTWARE INCLUDED
Akai Professional's MPC2 software features all the tools to quickly navigate every musical task from writing music and recording audio, 
to mixing and mastering.

From the advanced multi-engine plugin synthesis of Hype to a faithful plugin emulation of the legendary Mellotron Tape Synth keyboard, MPC2 delivers a wide palette of sonic textures with its MPC plugin instruments for powerful music composition.

Enjoy over 100 plugins from award-winning AIR Music Tech., including the AIR Vocal Insert Effects Suite, delivering the power to record and mix the perfect vocals. In addition to its stable of standard dynamic audio processors, MPC2 features numerous time-based Insert Effects for creative remixing and production like Half Speed and Stutter.

Whether you’re in creation mode and need inspiring sounds to begin a project, or want to perfect your mix before you share and release your music commercially, MPC2 has all the tools to deliver the ultimate performance you need.